Name:		Kartik Deshpande
B-Number:	B00692326
Email:		kdeshpa3@binghamton.edu

Sample Output:

> superman
time: 1 milliseconds
man-and-superman: 14
The Project Gutenberg EBook of Man And Superman, by George Bernard Shaw
back-to-methuselah: 9
of Man and Superman. As it was, she knew quite well what he wanted; for
misalliance: 2
TARLETON.  Still, you know, the superman may come.  The superman's an
the-doctors-dilemma: 1
a Superman; but still, it's an ideal that I strive towards just as any


> flower girl
time: 1 milliseconds
pygmalion: 234
wrought by Professor Higgins in the flower girl is neither impossible
mrs-warrens-profession: 26
Parisian girl in Brieux’s Les Avaries come on the stage and drive into
back-to-methuselah: 25
settles again on the flower, and repeats the performance every time the
HASLAM. Silly girl! Going to marry a village woodman and live in a hovel
caesar-and-cleopatra: 21
BELZANOR. Command! A girl of sixteen! Not we. At Memphis ye deem her a
ladies, all in their gayest attire, are like a flower garden. The facade
man-and-superman: 21
she's a wonderfully dutiful girl. Her father's wish would be sacred to
confection by the apron and feathers of a flower girl, strike all the
the-devils-disciple: 21
alone. A girl of sixteen or seventeen has fallen asleep on it. She is a
misalliance: 18
because my mother thinks a girl should know what a man is like in the
you off into the flower bed, and then lighted beside you like a bird.
heartbreak-house: 11
girl, slender, fair, and intelligent looking, nicely but not expensively
the-doctors-dilemma: 9
been talking to that poor girl. It's her husband; and she thinks it's
major-barbara: 8
girl.
soul like a flower at a street corner; but she bought it for
getting-married: 7
every flower and change every hour, as their fancy may dictate, in
girl's chances by making her a slave to sick or selfish parents, its
the-philanderer: 6
her sister--a girl under twenty--spending half their time at such a
candida: 3
lake for bathers, flower beds with the flowers arranged carefully in
at one side, a miniature chair for a boy or girl on the other, a nicely
how-he-lied-to-her-husband: 2
sweet enough, is it not? [He takes the flower from the table]. Here are
the-man-of-destiny: 2
and eating it uncooked. Nevertheless one girl of bad character, in whom

